Hello
customers a little in this we are people and
made very simple i will be delicious
a couple of garlic cloves in small pieces
on rubles about 400 grams of cheese on
grater already rubbed
more pot
salt water as it should and pour
there pasta form pasta does not have
values
but it is not desirable that they were long
spaghetti type took the roasting formula
sprinkle with olive oil for about minutes
six checking pasta
they have become a little plastic and
recommended cooking time is 12 minutes
this state is just enough
after six minute cooking with him
stop cooking them they come at
baking stacking their shape
went garlic
went family also
oregano and pour the whole thing cream
took a 20 percent cream half face
cream used then pack everything
still under its always tastier
a dish that is salted enough sir i
already said 400 grams has become inexpensive
cheese is relatively inexpensive
Ukrainian production in this case
a little nutmeg
raw materials by the way bought for 320 rubles for
kilogram but I buy in those places where
It is sold by the heads, so you can
buy cheap by type wholesale
quite decent quality invest
sprinkle on top
olive oil
still a little black pepper added and
send in the oven well about 200
degrees 195 like this and hold for 20 minutes
then a few more minutes to her ball
above all this dish cost less
than 300 rubles in modern times and
and do not work badly but not figs do
it can be served
the combination of bread and cheese and the classic
next to the taste of this option is that
seen in the course
and moderately calorie all enjoyable
appetite good luck